
A whole set of small utilities around automake/conf and co. by
Jean-Daniel Pauget.

Most of them are still badly finished, with hardcoded path and
other ugglynesses the same kind.


bozoconf:
    tests if any "./configure" script lays in the current dir and try to
    run it. If there is such script, try to use "autoall" (see below) for
    creating one and running it.

    "bozoconf --version" cleverly dumps the version and revision of most tools
    involved in the autobuild process, useful for bug tracking.
    
autoall:
    runs one after the other the bestof gnu automake autoconf suite in
    the proper order (or at least proper enough for the author's projects)

repozclean:
    tries to clean most files created by the previous scripts in order to
    have a cleaned source tree ready for repository comparisons, updates and check-ins.

cvsstat:
    recurse into current source tree and check via cvs for needed updates or local
    changes. It should also detect missing files/directories. OBSOLETE.

maketags:
    recurses into current source tree and in a set of hardcoded headers' trees so
    that a huge concatenation of "ctags" file is generated.

vimall:
    recurses into current source tree and launch a vi (vim) editing the whole set
    of sources, sorted by most recent time-stamps. It uses the above "maketags"
    for easying the navigation.
    
cptobackup:
    creates a timestamped-named copy of the given file or directory. It echoes
    the choosen command that was applied during the process for the user's
    understanding. It should not overwrite any existing file, a rather add some
    counting digits to the timestamped name.
    For directories, ownership and permissions are kept by using the gnu extension
    "cp -a" of the unix "cp" command.
    For files, the backuped permissions (with time-stamps) should fall under the
    "umask" and "cp" rules set when the operation is performed. If any doubt, double
    check the result with "ls -l"...

mvtobackup:
    the same as the above "cptobackup" except that files or directories are moved
    with the unix "mv" command instead of being copied.

for first time installation without ./configure, here's a rought canvas :
	(g)libtoolize --copy && aclocal && autoheader && automake   --add-missing && autoconf
	./configure
	make
	make install

